Eat a live frog, every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you all day.
Person who arrives at party two hours late will probably find he has been beaten to the punch.
When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling dopey.
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
There is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
What is my loftiest ambition?
I've always wanted to throw an egg at an electric fan.
Conversation is the slowest form of human communication.
Lady A: Mr. C, you are quite drunk.
Mr. C.: And you are very ugly, but indisputably in the morning I will be quite sober.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone.
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and won't, and that's a spouse who can't cook and will.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
Sex is nature's way.
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
An open mouth.
The people rule.
The snake will soon lay eggs.
After the battle, the reward.
Facta, non verba.
I am what you will be.
I hold a wolf by the ears.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
The people like to be deceived.
Fidelity:
A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Forgetfulness:
A gift bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.
The good die young - because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good.
The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the mostamount of trouble is sex.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
It took me fifteen  years to discover I  had no talent for writing, but I couldln't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Now that you have killed the bastard.
He never wasted a leaf or a tree.
Science and technology offer unlimited wealth.
Place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the dark.
A Mouse built to government specifications.
So do men.
Be wary of strong drink.
He just hadn't noticed at first.
I'm living in a dreamworld!
Here is a test: Are you alive?
You know, once in a while it is my pleasure.
Anybody want a peanut?
He can't come!
May I take your trident, sir?
Round up the usual suspects!
I was shocked to discover our plastic surgeon was an alcoholic.
I've got to concentrate!
Does he not fear us?!
..Hello?
Eat hot death, Steve.
Real beer.
I don't mind the swelling.
I don't want to treat you like common dogs.
To me it is like a mountain...
Hey, stewardess.
It's unbelievably tricky!
No, you'll spoil your appetite.
